[stable/traefik] Added ability to provide extra certs to traefik at deployment time (#18565)
helm/charts: stable/traefik/README.md

| `ssl.defaultIPList`                    | Specify generated self sign cert IP list                                                                                     | `[]`                                              |
| `ssl.defaultCert`                      | Base64 encoded default certificate                                                                                           | A self-signed certificate                         |
| `ssl.defaultKey`                       | Base64 encoded private key for the certificate above                                                                         | The private key for the certificate above         |

> | `ssl.extraCerts`                       | A list of any extra certificate/key filenames you want included in the traefik instance. You can use this in conjunction with the `secretFiles` parameter to include the certs on each traefik pod                                                                        | []         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ssl.extraCerts`                       | A list of any extra certificate/key filenames you want added to the https entrypoint. This must be used in conjunction with the `secretFiles` parameter to include the certs on each traefik pod                                                                        | []         |
```

Author: done!
